(kazoo playing Universal
theme over ukulele strumming)
(frog croaks)
- (theme concludes)
- (gasping breaths)
Ooh. Ooh-la-la.
Illumination!
MACK: And now for
a bedtime story.
(all sigh)
- ♪ ♪
- (ducks quacking)
Once upon a time. there
was a beautiful pond.
It was paradise.
- Everyone was happy there.
- (rhythmic quacking)
Well. not everyone.
For two ducklings were suffering
from a strange condition.
They were bored.
- (sighs)
- (bird tweets)
And they were eager to
discover what lay beyond
their cozy little pond.
Come on. Let's have a look.
But Daddy says it's
dangerous to leave the pond.
(scoffs) We're
brave and strong.
We ain't scared of nothing.
MACK: So they
decided to go for it.
- straight into the arms of...
- (bird screeching)
predators!
(grunts)
(bird screeches)
(laughs)
- They were surrounded. trapped.
- (birds squawking)
But the ducklings
were not afraid.
The tiny heroes attacked
the predator. and...
they died.
The end.
Uh. that's all? They're dead?
Oh. yeah. No survivors.
But how?
Oh. you want details? Okay.
So. first. the heron
cut them in half...
Oh. whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. whoa.
(chuckling): Wait
a second here.
Your father got the
story wrong... again.
What really happened was:
The heron saw that
they were lost.
so she offered to help them.
MACK: Pam. it's a heron.
A psycho killer designed
to eat ducklings.
- (heron roaring)
- PAM: All right. fine.
The heron was about to eat them.
But their parents arrived
just in time and saved them.
MACK: Oh. no. no. no.
no. no. no. no. no.
Their parents arrived.
but it was too late.
Oh. Dax. don't worry.
It's going to be okay.
Really. Dad?
Yeah. sure.
Squished ducks. they can
achieve great things. too.
As long as they stay in the pond
far from the dangers
of the world.
such as herons and
bears and wolves
and storms and cyclones
and tornadoes and crocodiles
and poisonous mushrooms...
Okay. I really need
to get to bed now.
MACK: and
saber-toothed tigers...
What happened to
the other duckling?
- Was she squished. too?
- PAM: Oh. no. no. no.
Don't worry. Gwen.
The ducklings were both safe.
They just went on their
way right back to the pond.
But another predator
came in and...
And wished them good day.
- (chuckles) The end.
- (muffled grunt)
- That's it.
- (groans)
Okay.
(panting)
(voice shaking):
Good night. Mom.
- Good night. Dad.
- Good night.
(muffled chattering)
- (scoffs)
- What?
Every time you tell a story.
Gwen wets her twig bed.
Does she? That's great.
See? That means
she's learning. Pam.
Oh. learning what?
That she should
never leave the pond?
Exactly.
Trust me. I'm teaching
her very valuable fears.
I should know. I've lived
with them my entire life.
(sighs)
So have we all.
Good night. honey.
Good night. sweetheart.
(blows)
♪ ♪
Ready. set. go!
Come on. Gwenny! Come on!
Let's go. Let's go.
Beat Daddy. Beat Daddy.
Go. go. go. go! Oh. yay!
- Yes!
- Aw. I lost.
(Gwen laughs)
Whoo! Yes!
- Whoo... (yelps)
- (thunder crashes)
(Mack whimpers)
- Hey.
- Huh?
- Hello!
- (laughs)
Huh? (gasps)
- (sputtering)
- (laughs)
(laughter. whooping)
(yelling. laughter)
(grunting)
- (gasps)
- Yay!
- Mine!
- You're the worst!
- That's mine!
- Got a thousand of 'em!
- Whoa.
- Thanks. Dad!
Whoa!
(Dax and Gwen scream. grunt)
(whistling a tune)
Okay. guys.
Remember to pick
the fresh leaves.
Okay. Dad.
GWEN: Is this one good. Dad?
Perfect.
Keep looking for more.
(grunts. gasps)
(panting)
(duck squawking in distance)
PAM: Guys!
Guys. you have to see something.
It's incredible.
Come on. come on.
Everybody. come. Come on.
(ducks squawking)
(Pam gasps)
Whoo! Oh. look!
- Oh. I told you.
- Yeah!
- PAM: Isn't it beautiful?
- DAX: This is awesome!
PAM: Oh! Have you ever
seen ducks like that?
♪ ♪
Look at that.
- They must be migrating.
- (Gwen gulps)
- (Mack scoffs)
- Whoa.
They seem so
mysterious and exotic.
I wonder where
they flew in from.
Maybe we should go say hi.
(laughs) Should we?
No. Oh. look at these feathers.
No. I want to know.
Let's go ask 'em.
Mack. come on.
(chuckles) Yeah. no. I'm good.
Ugh. Come on.
We never meet anyone new.
Okay. fine. (sighs)
All right. kids. let's go
meet Mom's new friends.
Kids?
Kids? Kids?
Pretty good progress. huh?
Yeah. Got to love a tailwind.
- Yeah.
- Oh.
- Hello.
- Ah. Hello.
Welcome to the pond.
- Thank you.
- Hey there.
- Oh. hi.
- Nice feathers.
We shouldn't be here. Dax.
- Shh!
- Dad is gonna be mad.
- Go back to the parents. Gwen.
- (grunts)
- Hey there.
- Dax! (strains)
What are you doing?
I don't want to
be psycho-killed!
Let me go. you little feathery wart!
-Oh.
Okay. I'm a feathery wart?
You don't even know me.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
She's a feathery wart.
You're a very nice wart.
I-I mean wart duck.
- I mean...
- I'm kidding.
Oh. Right.
- (chuckles nervously)
- (Gwen groans)
(laughs) Hi. I'm Kim.
Hi. I'm Dax.
Welcome to Moosehead Pond.
(mocking): "Welcome
to na-na-na."
You and your flock can stay
here as long as you like.
- I could show you around.
- Hmm?
I mean. this is
pretty much it. but...
Mmm. Thanks.
But we're just passing
by on our way down south.
We're gonna spend
the winter there.
Where are you guys going?
We spend winter here
to avoid psycho
killers like your...
- Sorry. Wart.
- (Gwen yelling. sputtering)
Wait. So you don't go
anywhere for the winter?
Uh. nope.
(gasps) You should
totally come with us.
- What? Really?
- (Gwen gasps. coughs)
Yes! Your flock could
totally join ours.
Oh. my gosh. this
will be so cool.
You will love migrating.
The sun. the sand.
Wait. Do you like tropical food?
- What's your take on bananas?
- Oh. I don't...
Ah. you're gonna love 'em!
You hold this.
I'll go ask my dad.
Dad! Dad!
- What just happened?
- Dad!
I don't know. but
you're in trouble.
MACK: Dax! Gwen!
Are you crazy? You can't
just take off like that.
- He made me do it!
- What?
And he talked to a girl.
- A girl?
- Gwen!
Yeah. and he told her
he wants to marry her.
What? I didn't say that!
You said it with your eyes.
Dad. he's hitting
me! He's hitting me!
Hey. hey. hey. hey!
Enough! Enough!
- Sibling cruelty!
- Enough.
Okay. Hello.
Hi. Hi. Big hellos.
And we're good. Let's go.
- Mack.
- What? I said hi.
I smiled. I made eye contact.
I checked all the boxes.
Hey there.
I hear you want to
join our migration.
Sorry?
Oh. we're going back to Jamaica.
Have you ever been?
No.
Oh. it's just magical.
I swear. there's even
a luminous lagoon
where the water glows.
Oh. wow. Oh. I really
want to see that.
(chuckling): Well.
then it is settled.
Your whole flock can join us.
This is gonna be great.
Oh. gosh. That's...
(laughing): That's
just so nice of you.
Wait. wait. wait. (chuckles)
I think there's a slight
misunderstanding here.
Unfortunately. we're
just slammed this winter.
Aren't we. Pam?
'Cause we've got the thing.
and then the... (stammering)
We got the thing after that.
So. you know what? We can't go.
But you guys go.
Have a great time.
And. you know. tell the
glowing water we said hi.
Uh. well. maybe next year. then?
MACK: You got it. Next year!
Uh. well. I guess it's
time for us to go.
Uh. have a nice trip.
Thanks. (chuckles)
Have a nice... pond.
I'm so sorry you can't
have babies with her.
(ducks squawking in distance)
That was so... rude!
I know.
"Have a nice pond."
Who says that?
That's just poor parenting.
Not them. You.
- Me?
- Yes. you.
Okay. So I got a
little carried away.
(chuckles): But migration?
What a stupid idea.
- Ugh. Okay. You're impossible.
- Why?
Because I found a safe
place for us to live
and we're happy here?
You mean you're happy here.
What?
I-I want us to get
out and see the world.
- Me. too. Dad.
- Yeah.
I want to go to
Jamai... Jam... J...
where they make jam.
You-you really
want those things?
ALL: Yes.
- Really?
- ALL: Yes.
No home improvements?
- PAM and DAX: No!
- GWEN: Yes.
I mean... I mean no.
D-Do you know what can
happen on a trip that long?
What sort of father would I be
if I put my young
fowl in harm's way
for no reason except a chance
at a Caribbean vacation?
A father who knows it's
important for his kids
to see other parts of the world.
Mack. I don't want
to miss out on life
because you're afraid
to leave this pond.
This isn't about migration.
It's about adventure.
Seeing what else
life has to offer.
Is that a little scary? Sure.
But isn't it worth it?
No. Pam.
Not really.
(Pam sighs)
You really need to
open your eyes. Mack.
before you miss it all.
Come on. kids.
♪ ♪
- (snoring)
- Hmm?
Huh? Huh?
- (screams)
- (coughing)
Uncle Dan. what
are you doing here?
(coughing)
(groans) I don't know.
I must have drifted
from my nest again.
(grunting)
Be a good boy and
get me back there.
Give me a little push.
(grunting): All right.
(muffled yelling. sputtering)
Thank you. (sighs)
I heard the little family tiff.
I got to say...
you're right.
Wha... I am?
(scoffs) Please.
What's all the travel talk?
I mean. why can't
we be satisfied
with what we already have?
Well. yeah.
I mean. you got food right here.
We got a pond
right here. Right?
Yeah. Food. the pond.
Why go anywhere else?
Stick to your beliefs. kid.
- Don't change for anyone.
- Exactly.
And you'll end up just like me.
- Happy.
- Yeah.
- Healthy.
And totally alone!
Yeah! Wait. what?
That's right.
You'll be living the dream.
Whoa. that was exhausting.
I'm gonna just rest here.
Rise and shine. Mallards!
We're burning daylight.
Up and at 'em.
Let's go. go. go!
Here's breakfast.
Dad. what are you doing?
Getting your sorry
feathers out of bed.
Come on. We got to get ready.
Mack. ready for what?
Nothing. Just. you know.
for our big. super
fun family migration!
What?
Ha! Bet you didn't
see that coming.
- Are-are you serious?
- Yep.
An adventure into
the totally unknown.
And I'm gonna love it.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. I-Is this real?
What do you mean.
"Is this real?"
We're really going?
- Yes.
- On a migration?
- Mm-hmm.
- To Jamaica?
- Yeah.
- Together?
- Yes.
- Like. everyone?
- Including you?
Yes! We are all going on
a migration to Jamaica.
In which language
should I tell you?
Thanks. Dad.
You're welcome.
PAM: Oh!
I knew there was some
adventure left in you.
(gulps) Wait. wait. wait!
(rustling)
(gasps) Uncle Dan.
you're coming. too!
- Gwen. no. no.
- No. no. no. no. no. no.
We're going to Jamaica.
No. I don't think so. kiddo.
Oh. please. Uncle Dan.
Nah.
Oh. too bad he doesn't
want to come. honey.
We tried. What else can we do?
- Let's leave.
- (Gwen grunts)
(inhales deeply)
Please...
(straining. holding
word "please")
(high-pitched straining)
Pretty please?
Whoa. That did it.
I can't refuse her.
Look at her. Look
at how cute she is.
Yes! Uncle Dan is coming!
(chuckles) No. he's not.
(chanting): Uncle
Dan. Uncle Dan.
GWEN and UNCLE DAN:
Uncle Dan. Uncle Dan...
- Oh. for real?
- (chanting continues)
Uncle Dan. Uncle Dan.
- Uncle Dan. that's me.
- Uncle Dan. Uncle Dan.
Yeah!
MACK and PAM
(reluctantly): Yay.
(Gwen giggles)
♪ ♪
Here we go. Let's
do the final check.
Tail feather torsion?
Check.
Wing deployment?
Heads in takeoff mode?
Check.
Let's fly.
♪ ♪
Woo-hoo! Yeah!
Woo-hoo!
Whoa! Whoo!
(laughing)
Yeah!
(sighs)
Okay. everyone.
enough fooling around.
"V" formation.
Woo-hoo! Yeah!
- Look at me!
- Thanks. Dad!
- Whoo! (laughs)
- Yeah. this is awesome!
(chuckling): Well.
better get used to it.
Huh. That's weird.
My inner compass may
be a little rusty.
but I'm sure we're
heading south.
Yeah. we are. but why are we
the only birds heading this way?
(thunder crashing)
(thunder rumbling)
(Gwen whimpers)
Hey. kids. don't worry.
We're gonna be all right.
Here we are together.
We're on an adventure.
I promised adventure.
and this is exactly
what I promised. huh?
(thunder crashes. rumbles)
We're not gonna make it. are we?
- Uncle Dan!
- You can tell me. I don't mind.
I'm a big boy. I'm a big duck.
No. Uncle Dan. things
are gonna be fine.
- Isn't that right. Mack?
- (thunder crashes)
Uh. I. uh...
(grunts) I mean
yes. Mom's right.
This is fun.
This is the kind of thing we'll
remember for years to come.
We'll look back and laugh.
(chuckles)
(screams)
(thunder rumbling)
(all gasp)
- A heron.
- The one from Dad's story.
The ultimate duck killer.
Don't panic.
(whispers): Herons can't see
their prey if you stay still.
Hello. little ducks.
She's bluffing.
So. tell me. what's a nice
little family of mallards
doing down here
all cold and wet?
Nothing. We're good.
We're enjoying it.
But you must be freezing here.
- Oh. no. we're not.
- Come.
- Oh. no. no. no. no. no.
- Come. come.
Let Erin take care of you
in her comfy little nest.
(laughs)
(thunder crashes)
In you go. Hup. hup. hup.
Harry!
Harry. look.
Look what I found.
A nice little family
of traveling mallards.
Mallards.
(thunder crashes)
(all gasp)
Uh. okay. Nice meeting you all.
Bye-bye.
In a rush. are you?
Oh. we don't want
to be a bother.
(chuckling nervously):
You look busy decaying.
You're not bothering at all.
But maybe herons are not
good enough for you. mallards?
No. of course not.
(chuckling): We're
happy to stay.
(sighs)
Good! Let me get
your bed ready.
What do they do. rip
you apart. then eat you?
- (Gwen gasps)
- Dan.
I don't know how they do
it. What's the method?
- Hey. Zip it.
- (sighs)
Wake me up when it's
my turn to be eaten.
- What?
- What are you doing. Pam?
Well. I don't know. I just...
I don't want to offend them.
Can't you see they
want to eat us?
(gasps) I don't
want to be eaten!
Well. she can't eat us.
She doesn't have teeth.
Well. what if she cuts
us into pieces first?
I don't want to be cut
into piece... (squeals)
I-I-I beg your pardon?
Oh. what's that? No. no.
We were just saying your
nest is just so charming.
Weren't we. kids? (chuckles)
Oh. thank you.
We moved here a few years ago.
We used to migrate
all the time like you.
Harry was such an adventurer.
Fierce predator. too.
He could catch any prey
with a single swift peck.
(fly buzzing)
(erratic buzzing)
Those were the good old days.
Now Harry's too old.
I'm the one who brings
food back to the nest.
But. anyway. you
must be exhausted.
Here's your bed.
There's no way we're
sleeping in that.
But it's our finest bed.
And it is perfect.
Thank you. (chuckles)
Wow. huh?
Hey. feel this. Even
comfier than our own nest.
Yeah. sure.
It's greasier. too. Oh!
Looks like your last
guest is still here.
- And dead.
- (Pam laughs)
Thank you.
You're welcome. sweethearts.
Sleep tight.
Don't let the bedbugs bite.
(snoring softly)
♪ ♪
(hushed): Okay. Storm is over.
Let's go. Kids. kids. wake up.
- Pam. we got to go right now.
- What?
- Right now!
- Now?
- What about Uncle Dan?
- It's fine.
When they wake up.
they'll eat him.
That'll give us more
time to lose... (screams)
(whimpering)
You're awake.
Looking right at us. too.
- Bonus.
- Shh!
You shouldn't have
gotten out of your beds.
Nighttime is when
predators like to feed.
Stay away from my kids.
Let's do this quick! (squawks)
Run. kids. run!
Let me get them!
(both gasp)
Harry. catch them!
(Gwen yelps)
- Head for the door!
- (Erin grunting)
(whimpering. yelling)
(straining)
Go. go!
(grunting)
Hands off!
(Pam and Mack yell)
- (gasping breaths)
- It's okay. kids.
Just hold still.
No. no. no. no. no.
(strained grunting)
Please don't eat us.
We haven't finished molting yet.
Pretty please?
I promise you this won't hurt.
(Dax gasps)
(both whimper)
- No!
- (grunts)
(screaming)
Gotcha!
He was about to gulp
you in one bite.
Bad fish.
Ooh. bad fish!
You... you saved them?
Oh. (chuckles)
It was nothing.
And we have breakfast
for tomorrow.
Right. Harry?
(wheezy moan)
Into beddy-byes now.
(Dax and Gwen panting rapidly)
(Pam chuckles nervously)
(snoring)
♪ ♪
ERIN: Are you sure you
have to go already?
I'll miss your kids so much.
They are so adorable.
- (smooching)
- (Gwen giggling)
Mmm. And you taste so good.
- Maybe I'll eat you.
- MACK: Uh...
I'm kidding.
- (laughing)
- (Mack sighs. chuckles)
- Or am I?
- Huh?
- It's a joke!
- Oh.
- It's a joke. (laughs)
- (Mack chuckles)
So funny.
(grunting): All right.
Time to go. Thanks
for everything.
Oh. goodbye.
Uh. I haven't kissed
Harry goodbye!
No. no. no. no. no. no.
no. no. Blow him a kiss.
- MACK and GWEN: Mwah. Mwah.
- (Harry chuckles)
No. no. no. no. you don't
have to walk closer.
You're good there. Bye. Harry.
Thanks so much. Mwah.
Don't forget. drop
by on your way back.
Whew. (chuckles)
Wild night there. huh?
(chuckles) Yeah.
Yeah.
How about when she pulled
out that pan. though?
Oh. my gosh! With the dead
fish still in the pan?
- The dead fish.
- Terrifying.
Right? Still. lovely birds.
Oh. lovely.
Lovely birds.
(chuckles)
DAX: Guys! Come up!
You have to see this.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. Hey. hey. hey.
Dax. let's keep the adventure
where I can see you.
(Dax chuckles)
♪ ♪
(Pam and Gwen gasp)
DAX: Whoa!
- (Gwen giggling)
- (Dax whooping)
Woo-hoo! Come on!
Try it. Dad!
Okay. okay. this is pretty cool.
but we should probably
get back on... (grunts)
(Pam laughs)
Don't be such a
stick-in-the-mud.
(Gwen panting)
(chuckles)
Woo-hoo! (yells)
Whoa!
(whooping)
(Gwen chuckling)
Ah. yeah!
- Woo-hoo!
- (chuckles)
- Hello!
- (Gwen and Dax laugh)
- (sputtering)
- (Gwen laughs)
- Peekaboo!
- Whoa! Dad!
(Mack chuckling)
(grunts. chuckles)
Ow. Hey. watch out.
Hey!
- Aha! Whoo!
- (others yell)
Gotcha! Whoo!
(chuckling): That was fun.
Let's go down before
we lose our way.
Please. Dad. come on.
- Just a bit more.
- Please. Dad?
Okay. okay. just a
little bit longer.
What is that?
♪ ♪
(electrical whirring)
(all gasping)
(gasps)
♪ ♪
(whimpers)
(gasps)
(panting)
(grunts. yelps)
(breathing heavily)
(all yelling)
(horns honking)
(people chattering. screaming)
- (gasping. screaming)
- (truck horn blasting)
(gasping. screaming)
- (whimpering)
- (horn blasts)
(people gasping)
- (people screaming. gasping)
- (tires squealing)
- Whoa!
- (screaming. grunting)
(grunts. sputters)
Guys. you okay?
Yeah! What a ride.
Let's do it again.
Yeah!
Your mother.
- Where's your mother?
- (rustling)
Pam?
(yells)
That is not your mother.
- PAM: Up here! Fly up.
- (Mack gasps)
We can see so much
better from up here.
- Pam! Are you hurt somewhere?
- Oh! What?
- Do you feel pain?
- I-I'm fine.
What's your name? How many
feathers am I holding up?
Hey. I'm fine.
(pants. sighs)
Thank goodness.
Okay. Come on. everyone.
Prepare for takeoff so
we can get out of...
here.
What is this place?
(chuckling): I...
I don't know.
We've never been
this far before.
Uncle Dan. have you
ever been here before?
Uncle Dan?
UNCLE DAN: Hello? Guys?
Anyone?
I don't like heights.
(grunting)
(screams)
(muffled yelling)
(gasps)
UNCLE DAN: Oh. whoa!
Whoa. whoa! Whoa!
(screams)
Uncle Dan?
UNCLE DAN: Yeah. it's me!
- It's Uncle Dan!
- (Gwen gasps)
- GWEN: Uncle Dan!
- (Uncle Dan screams. grunts)
(Gwen gasps softly)
Well. he led a good life.
(grunts) What?
We're coming for you. Uncle Dan!
He would have wanted us
to go on without him.
Come on. he was kind like that.
(groans)
(Uncle Dan grunting. muttering)
(sighs)
Ow!
Oh. Well. hello there.
(grunting rhythmically)
- Ah...
- (pigeon cooing)
(groans)
(gasping)
Get away. get away!
(babbling)
Pigeons.
Mmm.
Ah...
(gasps. grunts)
- GWEN: Uncle Dan!
- DAX: Uncle Dan!
- Uncle Dan!
- Uncle Dan. where are you?
Uncle Dan?
What if something ate Uncle Dan?
Honey. I promise you.
nothing would ever
want to eat Uncle Dan.
- (Uncle Dan screaming)
- Uncle Dan.
UNCLE DAN: (groans)
Get off me!
GWEN: I'm coming!
- (gasps)
- Hey. wait! Wait!
Get away from me!
It's my sandwich.
I licked it. I licked it!
You can't touch it
with duck spit on it.
GWEN: Uncle Dan!
Get your wings off my uncle!
(yelling)
Dax. Gwen. wait!
Stay away from my family!
Back away! Back
away! Back away!
Get out of here. you
trashy. trashy vermin!
("vermin" echoing)
(all gasp)
PIGEON (from inside
tunnel): Who said that?
I asked. "Who said that?"
(wind whistling)
Huh?
♪ ♪
Come here. bumpkin.
Uh... Oh.
(whimpers)
Say it again.
Uh. which part?
"Trashy. trashy vermin."
Let the record reflect I just
meant to say "trashy vermin."
(chuckles)
Which I'm not
saying that's good.
but I wasn't doubling
down on "trashy." vermin.
(gasps)
You ducks make me
sick. you know that?
You're fed all day by
the humans in the park.
but that's not enough for you.
No. no. no.
You got to come
to our territory.
You got to steal our food.
And then you insult us?
What? No. no. no.
no. I wasn't...
- Name!
- Uh. Mack.
Well. "Uh. Mack." I'm the Chump.
and I'm the leader of this
group of hardworking birds
you just called vermin.
- (hawks. spits)
- (pigeons hawk. spit)
Okay. okay. okay. okay.
So listen. Chump...
- What did you just call me?
- (pigeons gasp)
Sorry. I thought
your name was Chump.
Yeah. Chump. yeah.
That's my name. Why?
Right. So listen. Chump...
- What did you just call me?!
- I'm sorry.
Is everyone else
hearing "Chump" or...
- What did... What?
- Okay. okay.
I think there's a slight
misunderstanding here.
Excuse me. Will you excuse me?
Coming through.
Uh-huh. Thank you.
Okay. Hi there. I'm Pam.
I'm sharing my life with
him. so I'm painfully aware
of all the stupid things
that come out of his mouth.
Hmm?
Oh. yeah. that's true. She is.
But I assure you.
he meant no harm.
And to show our gratitude
for your understanding
in this matter.
how about we share
the sandwich 50-50?
(groaning)
- 80-20.
- 60-40.
- 70-30.
- 65-35.
- 68-32!
- 67-33!
You got yourself a deal.
Uncle Dan. cut the sandwich.
Uh...
You don't want to
try 50-50 again?
- Uncle Dan!
- All right. all right.
(pigeons clamoring)
You. I like.
Thank you. Chump.
Sorry for busting your
bills over here. but. uh...
(sniffles) sometimes I
get sensitive. is all.
Us pigeons. we got
big hearts. too.
Ain't that right. guys?
- (clamoring quiets)
- Oh. for sure.
- We just want to be loved.
- And respected.
(clamoring resumes)
Yeah.
So anything you need...
I mean anything...
Chump's got ya.
Oh. really? Because we
are completely lost.
We're trying to get to Jamaica.
Oh. yeah. yeah. That's
in Queens. right?
Uh. more south.
Uh. like. the Caribbean.
Oh. that Jamaica.
I got a buddy who
knows that place
like the back of his wing.
You-you think he'll help us?
Yeah. I mean. it's a bit
of a sore subject for him.
but. uh. I'm sure it
won't be a problem.
Come on. lovebirds.
we ain't got all day.
It's this way.
Wow. Mom. you rock.
Yeah.
- 60-40!
- (chuckles) 70-30!
60.000-3.500!
(chuckles) I didn't know
you could be so tough.
Really. Mack?! You
didn't know that?
Oh. no. I...
(Pam chuckles)
Oh!
(laughs): I get it.
That's good.
That's very good.
(horns honking)
Okay. my little bumpkins.
- let's get a move on.
- MACK: Whoa.
Are you kidding? We
are not flying through
this crazy death
trap of a city again.
Oh. come on. It's nothing.
Just stick close to me.
and everything
will be all right.
(horn blasts)
(groaning)
I'm okay. Yeah. no. I'm okay!
- (joints crack)
- (grunts)
- Yeah.
- (horn blasts)
I'm okay.
I'm still okay.
- We can do this.
- (horn blasts)
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
Ha-ha! You missed. bus!
- (bell jingles)
- (grunts)
(Chump groaning)
Maybe don't stick too close.
(Mack gulps)
♪ ♪
- Whoa.
(gasps)
Aw.
Here you go. my little princess.
(gasps) Thank you!
- Woo-hoo!
- (Mack gasps)
Whoa. Gwen! I got you. Gwen.
I got you.
(gasps) Look!
Look. there it is.
(chuckles) That's Jamaica.
What? (yelps)
(groans)
♪ ♪
Here we are.
Okay. so...
Wait. where's our guy? (yells)
And what is that?
CHUMP: Huh? Oh. that?
Don't worry about it.
But I should probably warn you.
Delroy's owner is a chef.
A-A chef?
Yeah. A-A chef.
Like a predator except
instead of eating you.
he feeds you to a group
of much lazier predators.
(chuckles) Right this way.
After you.
(Mack groans)
(sighs)
(Mack straining)
- (Uncle Dan grunts)
- (loud clank)
Hey. Shh!
Coast is clear.
(grunts)
Hey. Delroy.
How's it going?
It's been a while.
You look good. Slip
me some feather.
I brought you a nice
family of mallards.
They need to ask you something.
(Delroy groans)
Oh. Well. Mr. Delroy.
so nice to meet you.
(chuckles nervously)
Do you know the way to Jamaica?
(Delroy sobs)
(Jamaican accent): Do I
know the way to Jamaica?
CHUMP: Told ya.
He's a little
sensitive about it.
He was born and raised there.
What happened?
The chef snatched him up
in the middle of the night.
Next day. old Del's gone
from free bird to jailbird.
Come on. D.
Just tell them how to get there.
(Delroy takes a deep breath)
Fly to the big green statue.
fly due south for three miles.
then due east for one mile.
due west for ten miles.
then you southwest for one mile.
south-southeast for two miles...
-Uh...
and south-southwest for
the rest of the way.
(crying): And don't stop
until you see that mist
dancing atop the
beautiful blue mountains.
(sobbing): You can't miss it.
(wailing sobs)
Oh. no. no. no. no. no.
No. don't cry. Big Red.
It's all right. We
didn't mean to upset you.
(sobbing): Jamaica!
I miss my family.
Devon.
And likkle Donnie.
Dolores. Deedee.
Winston!
That me cousin.
Dad. we're not really gonna
leave him here. are we?
He looks so cramped
in that cage.
- Come on. blow it out.
- (blows)
- Blow.
- (blows harder)
(stammering)
There's nothing we
can do here. Dax.
(gasps) We could get the key.
No. kid. That's impossible.
Why? Where is it?
Down there.
The chef keeps that key
on him at all times.
And trust me. you
don't want to go
anywhere near that lunatic.
Him catch ya. him turn
you into duck à l'orange.
What's duck à l'orange?
It's you with l'orange on top.
(Mack gulps)
You know what?
Guys. don't worry.
- I'll go get it.
- Uh. what? No. no. no. no. no.
Dad. it's okay. I've got this.
No. you don't got this.
But just because you're scared
of everything in the world
doesn't mean I have to be.
Okay. You know what?
I will go get the key.
Cool. I'm coming with you.
- No. You stay.
- Dad!
Ah-ah-ah. Stay here.
(groans)
♪ ♪
(clattering)
- (chef snarls)
- (servers whimpering)
(gasps)
- (doors creaking slowly)
- (panting)
(grunts)
(laughs excitedly. gasps)
(low growling)
(dishes clinking)
(Mack whimpering)
(gasps)
Hmm?
(chef grunts angrily)
(gasps)
Huh?
(snaps fingers)
(growls)
(whimpering)
(gasps)
♪ ♪
(gasping)
(yells)
(whimpers)
- How's it going?
- (screams. babbles)
Shh! What are you doing here?
I told you to stay back there.
Oh. there's no way I'm
letting you have all the fun.
Let's go.
♪ ♪
(gasps) There.
Here.
Grab my tail so I
can get the key.
Hurry.
(straining)
(snaps fingers)
- Pam.
- Almost there.
Look.
- (gasps) Pam.
- Almost there.
- Pam.
- A little closer.
Pam!
Got it.
(screams)
(both yell)
(Pam gasps)
(grunts)
(growls)
Go. go. go. go. go!
(chef yells. grunts)
(panting)
(cook yells)
(gasps)
(distorted grunt)
(distorted): Duck à l'orange!
- (distorted yell)
- (distorted growl)
(grunting. gasping)
(server yelping)
(jazzy tune playing)
(excited chatter)
(both gasping)
♪ Keep on surviving ♪
- (patrons cheering)
- (lively music playing)
(both gasping. whimpering)
- Uh-oh.
- What?
Salsa Tuesdays.
(gasping)
♪ Now that you're out of my
life. I'm so much better ♪
♪ You thought that I'd be weak
without you. but I'm stronger ♪
♪ You thought that I'd
be broke without you... ♪
- We're doomed!
- Don't panic. Mack.
I can't help it. It relaxes me.
Mack. we're gonna
make it. all right?
We have to be optimistic.
Optimistic? How can we
be optimistic right now?
Well. I don't know. but
if we are panicking.
we'll never find our way out!
(gasping)
That's it.
- What's it?
- Whatever you're doing.
keep doing it.
(yelps)
You mean like this?
Yes. Mack. It's working.
♪ ♪
♪ Sobreviviré. sobreviviré ♪
♪ No se puede apagar ♪
- ♪ La esperanza ♪
- (whooping)
- ♪ Sobreviviré... ♪
- (both chuckling)
Oh. we can do this. Mack.
Whoo!
(both laugh)
Okay. follow my lead.
♪ Yo sé ♪
- ♪ I'm a survivor ♪
- (whooping. laughing)
♪ I'm not gon' give up ♪
♪ Ya lo verás. voy a lograrlo ♪
♪ I'm a survivor ♪
♪ I'm gonna make it ♪
♪ Es la verdad. yo sobrevivo ♪
♪ I'm a survivor ♪
♪ I'm not gon' give up ♪
♪ Ya lo verás. voy a lograrlo ♪
♪ I'm a survivor.
I'm gonna make it ♪
♪ Es la verdad. yo sobrevivo. ♪
(both panting)
(grunts. gasps)
(both gasp)
(grunts angrily)
♪ ♪
(both panting)
Dad. Mom. you were amazing.
Thank you. Gwenny. but we're
in a bit of a hurry right now.
- Pam. key.
- Here.
Okay. Let's do this.
Hurry! Hurry!
No. more to the right.
To the right. and twist.
No. no. no. no.
no. My right. Dad.
- Mack! -Down. down.
- No. push.
- No. to the right.
- That's it!
- Now. hold it and twist it.
- No. Dad.
- Come on!
- Do I just have to do it?
- Push!
- (swallows)
Oh. What happened?
Wait. wh-where's the
k... Where's the key?
- I swallowed it.
- Oh. that's a bummer.
Spit it out. You
need to spit it out!
I'm on it. I'm on it.
- (forced retching)
- Come on. Mack.
Okay. he's really close.
and he really looks mad.
- (lively chatter)
- (panting gruffly)
- (forced retching continues)
- Mack!
- Spit it out already.
- Oh. no. no. no. no. no. no!
Come on! Hurry up!
(grunts)
(grunts) Come on. kids.
Together.
Spit it out!
This isn't working!
- (grunts)
- Bird eater incoming!
(banging)
(yells)
(chef panting)
(humming innocently)
(chef grunts)
(growls)
(snarls)
(balloon squeaking)
(air whistling)
(gasps)
(muffled whistling)
(whimpering. grunting)
- (yelps)
- (growls)
- (growling fiercely)
- (panicked whimper)
(air whistling)
(gasping)
(distorted groaning)
Got it!
Oh! (yells)
(laughs)
I'm free!
(laughing): Whee!
Ya mon!
(laughing)
(cheering)
(high-pitched): We did it!
(Delroy laughing. whooping)
Thank you!
(laughs)
Whoo! Oh. you did it.
I can't believe it.
I was in a cage.
and now I'm not.
In. and now not.
(giggles) And you did it!
All of you.
But you...
- you wild duck. you.
- (high-pitched chuckle)
You must be the bravest
duck me ever meet.
(high-pitched):
Oh. I'm not that...
(coughs. clears throat)
(normal voice):
I'm not that brave.
What?! You knew the danger.
You did it anyway.
What do you call that?
(chuckling): Yeah.
you're right.
I guess that is the only
word that describes who I am.
Did you hear that?
He called me brave.
So you want to go
to my island. eh?
I will be honored to
take you there myself.
(gasps) You'd do that?
(laughs) For you.
me do anything.
because I can do anything!
Woo-hoo!
I can go here. or
I could go here.
Free as a bird!
Right.
'Cause I'm a bird! (laughs)
I didn't think I'd
ever say this. but. uh.
you are one heck of a bird.
Oh. Well. thanks. Chump.
You're not so bad yourself.
(Chump sniffles)
Yeah. you know. I'm getting
a little waterwork-y up here.
(chuckles) Scram.
you crazy ducks.
Get out of here.
- Bye. Chump.
- Bye-bye. Chump.
- Thank you!
Thanks for everything.
So long. Chump.
Don't forget where
you got that sandwich.
Bye-bye. you country bumpkins.
I love you.
♪ ♪
(Delroy laughs)
DELROY: I can't believe it!
In a few hours. we'll
reach the coast.
Then a little hop
over the ocean.
and we'll finally
get to my homeland!
Hey. uh. Delroy. uh. is it true
that the sea glows
at night in Jamaica?
Because that sounds
incredibly magical.
(chuckling): Ah.
You hear about that. eh?
Whatever you're expecting
over there... (chuckles)
it's going to be even better.
(giggles)
Jamaica. I'm coming home!
- ♪ I'm coming. I'm coming ♪
- Mom?
- ♪ I'm coming home. ♪
- Hmm?
(whispering indistinctly)
It's really bad.
(chuckles): Oh.
It's okay. Gwen.
You can do it while we fly.
Here? But anyone could see me.
No one's watching. Gwen.
You know what?
I'll go up front.
- (whispers): What's happening?
- (clears throat)
We have a number two situation.
Oh.
- Everything okay back there?
- Dad! Don't look!
- Oh! Sorry. Gwen.
- What are you doing?
My bad. My bad.
(voice shaking): Mom.
I can't do it here.
Can we land?
No. we won't land. Gwen.
You're old enough to
do it in the sky now.
But it's too much
pressure. and it's gross.
It's not gross. We're birds.
Every bird does it in the sky.
What if someone is
looking down there?
No one is looking down there.
I told you. we are not landing.
There is no way we're landing.
Are you sure no one's watching?
Gwen Mallard!
Do it now or we
leave without you.
- Okay. okay.
- Ugh!
She's perfectly capable of
doing her business in the sky.
- and yet here we are.
- It's okay. Pam.
Just let her be.
GWEN: Does anybody
have a soft moss?
Just use a leaf!
(Gwen screams)
Someone's watching!
- There! Someone's watching!
- Where? Where?
Huh.
♪ ♪
Hmm.
Follow me. and stay close.
Whoa! For real. Dad?
Mm-hmm.
Cool.
I like your spirit. duck man.
- (laughs)
- Um...
- Hmm.
- PAM: Guys?
Mm-hmm.
Uh. are you sure this is safe?
Don't worry.
That wild duck is on
a journey of the soul.
and I say we follow him.
But just in case.
get out your talons.
(laughs)
I ain't sure ducks
have talons. though.
Shh. shh.
♪ ♪
GOOGOO (in distance):
Now stretch your back
and move your wings
up to the sky.
Breathe in.
- And breathe out.
- (all gasp)
Excellent. class.
And now the egg position.
And we hatch
with a newborn quack.
ALL: Quack.
GOOGOO: Very good.
And repeat.
ALL: Quack.
- GOOGOO: And repeat.
- ALL: Quack.
GOOGOO: And repeat.
Hey. what's going on here?
- (gasping)
- Visitors!
(excited chatter)
GOOGOO: Brothers.
brothers. (chuckles)
Sisters. hold your enthusiasm.
We-we don't want to scare
our guests away. do we?
(chuckles) Hello. friends.
I am Googoo.
Welcome to our humble abode.
Abode? What is going on here?
Our morning relaxation
as we prepare for the
glorious Earl and Mae
to open the gates to paradise.
- (lock clicking)
- Oh. you're so lucky.
You're just in time.
(ducks gasping
excitedly. murmuring)
(creaking)
(ducks chattering excitedly)
(cheering)
My friends...
welcome to the
Garden of Harmony.
(ducks cheering. whooping)
I don't understand. It's...
Heaven for ducks?
Yep. pretty much.
(ducks giggling)
(engine revving)
(gurgling)
Ah. Perfect.
Whee!
(chomping)
(ducks giggling.
chattering excitedly)
You came to the perfect
place. my friends.
Here. humans spare no
expense on our well-being.
And they just finished
building our brand-new slide.
DUCK: Yeah! (whooping)
So please be our guest.
Feel free to enjoy our place
- for as long as you like.
- (gasps)
Whoa.
Well. I guess we could
take the afternoon.
- Come on. Please.
- Come on. Come on. Dad. please.
- Come on. Let's stay. Stay.
- Please. please.
Oh. no. No. no. no.
I don't think we can
possibly stay here...
(all whimper)
without having the
best time of our lives!
Now. get out there
and have some fun.
(cheering. laughing)
- DAX: Slides. here I come!
- GWEN: Wait for me!
DELROY: Slippy
slides! (laughs)
(Pam chuckles)
- (Mack grunts)
- (both laugh)
Woo-hoo! Whoa!
(yelling)
(laughing)
MACK: Here comes
the sea dragon!
(roars playfully)
(laughter)
We're gonna get you!
We're gonna squish
your sea dragon face!
Sea dragon is hungry.
GWEN: Hi-yah!
(laughter)
GWEN: We need to
slay the sea dragon!
(Mack grunts)
Ow. Gwen.
- Gwen. be more careful.
- (Gwen grunting)
- We need to slay him gently.
- (truck horn blasting)
GWEN: Really? Okay.
(blowing raspberries)
(laughs)
Ow! Uncle Dan.
What? I want to play. too.
MACK: Sea dragon
needs a break.
- (shovel clangs)
- Ow! Gwen!
(panting)
♪ ♪
(gasps)
(gasps. pants)
Brothers. sisters. great news!
Earl and Mae are taking
us on a field trip.
- I'm so excited.
- (excited chatter)
It's so great. Hurry. guys.
Hurry. It's time.
You don't want to miss this.
Come on. everyone. Let's go.
(chuckles)
(humming a tune)
(Dax gasps)
No! No. no. no. no. no. no. no!
GOOGOO: I'm so excited. I
can't wait to get started.
Googoo. stop!
What is it. my little friend?
The-the chef. The-the...
- (gasps)
- (ducks oohing)
You want to come. too?
- Come on. Let's go.
- You got to stop.
- Last one is a rotten egg.
- Googoo! Stop!
- Googoo!
- Kneel. sea dragon. kneel!
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. Gwenny.
- Googoo. no! Stop!
- No. Don't hit your father.
- What?
- We're not hitting fathers.
- DAX: Googoo! Googoo!
- Where are you going?
Uh. Delroy is the
sea dragon now.
Of course. I'd love that.
- You're next!
- No. no. no.
You're gonna be gentle. Okay. no...
-(Gwen yells)
- Ow!
- Gwenny. come on!
- He said "gently."
- (Gwen yelling)
Googoo. he's gonna take
you to his kitchen.
- Come on.
- He's gonna serve you
to people. with oranges.
Hey. hey. What's happening?
Dad. it's the chef. He's back.
(Mack gasps)
Earl and Mae are giving
those ducks to the chef
so he can cook them.
I beg your pardon?
Dax. go back to Mom.
I'll handle this.
No! I can help! I can just...
Go back to Mom now!
Googoo. do not
get on that truck.
Look. I understand this is all
new to you... bit
weird. bit strange...
Don't you get it? It's a trap!
We've got to get your
ducks out of here!
Everyone. get off the truck
unless you want to be cooked!
- (all gasp)
- Cooked?
- What?
- Wait. what's that?
Come on! Hurry!
You got to go before
he comes back.
(gasps)
- (chef growling)
- (whimpers)
(straining)
(gasping)
- (chef grunts)
- (straining)
Let go!
- Earl and Mae are our leaders.
- Dax?
- They massage us.
- Dax! (gasps)
(grunting)
(yells)
(exhales sharply)
(grunting)
(gasps)
(grunts angrily)
Everyone. run! Now!
(all yelling)
(yells)
- Pam. the chef!
- What?
We have to get out of here now!
Go. go. go!
(growls)
(gasps) Okay. let's go.
Let's go. let's go. let's
go! Go. go. go. go. go!
Everyone. take off!
(panting rapidly)
Dax. on my back!
(grunts. whimpers)
Hurry!
(whimpering)
- (grunts)
- (screams)
(panting)
(growls)
- (grunts)
- (Earl and Mae yelp)
(all panting)
Guys. we need to rest.
Follow me.
♪ ♪
(all grunt)
(panting)
Guys. are you okay?
What happened?
- Mom. he was coming for the...
- I'll tell you what happened.
I told him to stay back. and
he almost got himself killed.
But. Dad. I was trying to help.
I don't need your help. Dax.
I need you to do what I say!
Do you understand?!
(sighs)
Listen. Dax.
Just let us grown-ups
figure it out while...
All right. everyone.
let's call it a night.
We could use the rest.
♪ ♪
(helicopter whirring
in distance)
♪ ♪
(hisses. yowls)
(takes a deep breath)
(metallic squeaking)
(snoring softly)
♪ ♪
(sighs)
(footsteps approaching slowly)
(yells)
Gwen. you scared me.
You look mad.
You need a hug!
No. Gwen. I don't need a hug.
- Whoa! I said no hug.
- (grunting)
Don't fight it. It'll
make you feel better.
- (Dax sighs)
- (grunting)
Can you let go now?
- You feel better?
- No.
Then it hasn't kicked in yet.
(Dax groans)
(sighs)
- What about now?
- No.
- Now?
- Mm-mm.
- Nothing.
- A little?
- Nope.
GWEN: I felt something.
DAX: Mm-mm.
(wind whistling)
(Mack gasps)
(Pam gasps)
(both gasp)
(frantic chatter. gasping)
- (gasps)
- Oh. no. he's back!
- Every duck for himself!
- (panicked chatter)
- Kids!
- Dax! Gwen!
(growls)
(all gasping. grunting)
- Mom! Dad!
- MACK: No. no. no!
- No. no! Dax. Gwen. stay back!
- No! Stop!
- Get out of here now!
- Go hide!
- Hide. kids! Go!
- MACK: Go. go!
(gasps)
(grunts)
(muffled whimpering)
(sighs. grunts)
- (screaming. panicked chatter)
- MACK: No.
- DAX: No. no. no.
- GWEN: Mom!
- Mom. Dad. no!
- Daddy!
- Oh. kids! Oh. kids!
- No!
- (panting. grunting)
(frightened gasping)
(Dax panting)
(Gwen whimpers)
♪ ♪
(ducks groan)
(gasps)
(Pam gasps. screams)
(chef sighs)
(Pam and Mack grunt)
(Mack whimpers)
(chuckles)
(both yelp)
(Delroy shudders)
(panting. whimpering)
He's gonna cook Mom
and Dad. isn't he?
And he's gonna come back for us.
- And he'll cook us. too!
- (grunts)
I wish we tasted awful!
Gwen. we're not giving up. okay?
We're-we're gonna
figure something out.
We are?
Yes. There has to be a way.
But-but how?
You can't even fly.
Oh. we're doomed.
(muffled sobbing)
(groans)
(Gwen blowing loudly)
(sniffling. whimpering)
Gwen. you're a genius.
Am I?
♪ ♪
(both grunting)
We are not getting cooked today.
(gasps)
(both grunt)
Come on. Pam. keep going.
(grunting)
Pam?
It's hopeless. Mack.
What? No. no. no. no.
no. it's not hopeless.
- We can do this.
- No. we've lost them.
Mack. we've lost the
kids. You were right.
We never ever should
have left the pond.
Pam. enough.
This isn't you.
You're the adventurous
one. the-the-the brave one.
You never give up on anything.
You-you haven't
even given up on me.
Come on. Pam.
You've proven over
and over again
that when everything is
hopeless. we have to be...
Optimistic.
Yes. And now you and me are
going to get our kids back
so we can finish this
crazy. wonderful adventure.
And we are going to show them
that when danger strikes.
you do not run from it.
You take a stand.
(gasps) That's it! Look. Pa...
- Shh! Shh. shh.
- (muffled grunt)
We can do this.
Mack. Mack. we can do this.
(whispers): Come on. Let's go.
Okay.
♪ ♪
- (grunting)
- Left. Pam.
- Just... You do your left.
- No. no. no. no. Right.
Okay. you're moving on
the left. Move on the top.
- Just set...
- Okay. no. no. no. no. no.
(sniffs)
- Psst. Hey. Over here. Here.
- Hey. Hey.
- Here.
- Do it together.
- Ya mon. Together.
Wh-Wh-What?
(both groan)
BOTH: Together.
♪ ♪
(both grunt)
- (chef exhales. chuckles)
- (both gasp)
(growls softly)
(Pam whimpers. yells)
(screaming. grunting)
(growling angrily)
Hmm?
You trap me for years.
now you're trying
to cook my friends?
Enough!
It is payback time!
Payback!
(all yelling)
Reload.
Ah...
(grunting)
(gasps)
Eat this.
(distorted grunting)
(groaning)
(whirring. alarm buzzing)
(screaming)
(grunts)
(gasps)
(groaning)
- (grunting)
- (Pam screams)
(Pam screams)
(straining)
(both screaming)
♪ ♪
(panting)
(gasps)
- What?
- (gasps)
We're coming!
♪ ♪
- (grunts)
- (Pam yelps)
Dax!
- We got this. guys.
- (grunts)
(straining)
(panting. grunting)
We can do this!
(gasps)
- GWEN: Mom!
- (Dax chuckles)
Kids! Oh. kids.
(grunts)
(all grunting)
(whooping laughter)
Woo-hoo!
(growling)
Ya mon!
(grunts)
(yelling)
(laughing)
- DELROY: Everyone!
- (all gasp)
Delroy. you made it!
- You're alive!
- (laughter)
I'm so happy to see you.
And you. all dressed
up for Jamaica.
- Look at you!
- (chuckles)
Well. come on. Let's
go. go. go. go. go!
♪ ♪
(Gwen breathing sleepily)
(Gwen sighs)
DELROY: We're almost
there. everyone.
I can feel it!
Okay. so we're a bit lost.
Must have missed
a turn somewhere.
But don't worry.
We just have to go back
to the big green statue.
(all groan and sigh)
- Pam?
- Hmm?
♪ ♪
Mack. the water.
It's glowing. (chuckles)
It's glowing.
It's real.
The water is glowing! (laughs)
- (Pam whooping)
- (Mack laughs)
DAX: Dad. Dad!
Come look.
♪ ♪
(Delroy gasping)
That's it.
That's Jamaica.
(birds chirping)
♪ ♪
Well. what are you waiting for?
Lead the way.
(gasps. chuckles)
- Gwen. final check. please.
- (Gwen gasps)
Aye. Captain.
Tail feather torsion?
ALL: Check.
Wing deployment?
Heads in Bake-Off mode?
- Takeoff mode.
- Takeoff mode?
ALL: Check!
Let's fly.
(panting)
(laughter. whooping)
Woo-hoo-hoo! Yeah!
Let's go! Come on!
Woo-hoo! Yeah!
Woo-hoo!
Whoa! Whoo!
(Gwen laughing)
- Whoo!
- Woo-hoo! Yeah!
Look at me!
Whoa!
- DAX: Yeah!
- (Mack laughs)
- Woo-hoo!
- (Delroy laughing. whooping)
I am back!
(laughs) Woo-hoo-hoo!
Hey. Devon!
- Deedee!
- Delroy!
(laughs)
- Winston!
- Delroy!
(laughter)
Whoo!
♪ ♪
- Whoa.
(chuckles)
MACK: Wow.
- Whoa! Woo-hoo-hoo! Yeah!
- (laughing)
(both inhale deeply)
(gasps)
(birds chirping)
Wow.
Hey!
(chuckles): Hey. you
changed your mind.
Better late than never. right?
- (chuckles)
- DAX: Kim!
(gasps) Dax!
Dax. you're here.
Wow. Your wings.
they're beautiful.
(chuckles) Thanks.
Dax kept saying your name
while he was sleeping.
- (Gwen squeals)
- (chuckles nervously)
DELROY: Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
- Whoa!
- BIRDS: Delroy!
- I'm home!
- Delroy! Delroy!
(gasping)
(laughs)
What?
Thank you.
For what?
Opening my eyes.
("Cloudy Day" by
Tones and I playing)
♪ But your mumma always said ♪
♪ Look up into the
sky. find the sun... ♪
Uncle Dan!
Mm-hmm? (grunts)
♪ But your mumma always said ♪
♪ Look up into the sky ♪
♪ Find the sun
on a cloudy day ♪
- ♪ On a cloudy day ♪
- (whooping. laughter)
♪ But your mumma always said ♪
♪ Look up into the sky ♪
♪ Find the sun
on a cloudy day ♪
♪ But your mumma always said ♪
♪ Look up into the sky ♪
♪ Find the sun
on a cloudy day ♪
♪ But your mumma always said ♪
♪ Look up into the sky ♪
♪ Find the sun
on a cloudy day ♪
♪ On a cloudy day ♪
♪ But your mumma always said ♪
♪ Look up into the sky ♪
♪ Find the sun
on a cloudy day ♪
- ♪ But your mumma always said ♪
- (Delroy grunting. yelling)
♪ Look up into the sky ♪
♪ Find the sun
on a cloudy day ♪
♪ On a cloudy day. ♪
GWEN: Pretty please?
No. Gwenny. you cannot
take Toothpick back home.
But Toothpick wants to come.
No. no. no. No. no. no. no.
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
Mm. I think it's
time to let him go.
Okay. honey?
Okay.
(panting rapidly)
So. we're ready for takeoff?
Wait. Where's your father?
MACK: Guys! Guys!
Guys! (panting)
I just met these birds
who are totally lost.
I said we'd help 'em get home.
What do you say?
ALL: Hello.
- Hi. Hello.
- PENGUIN: Hi.
(clears throat)
Mack. you do know
that penguins are
from the South Pole?
I know! Isn't that great?
GWEN and DAX: Yeah!
We're going to the South Pole!
No. I'm not going. No way.
Oh. please. Uncle Dan.
(straining): Please...
ALL (straining): Please...
Okay. okay.
We're going to the South Pole.
- Yeah!
Come on. Pam. We're
going to the South Pole.
(chuckles) I've
created a monster.
Okay. so let's talk itinerary.
I say Costa Rica.
Panama. Amazon River.
- Any other ideas?
- GWEN: Oh. oh!
I want to see Titicaca!
MACK: Titicaca! Great.
♪ ♪
(duck quacks)
(music fades)